# senior-capstone-fall-2018
Abstract 
 
The purpose of this capstone project is to give the general public the information and tools to identify the missing individuals in the United States as well as direct them to more insight about the data. The need for this technology arise in its simplicity as the tools that are currently available are either complex or not modern enough to provide the complete potential and use to reach different people. The data that will be integrated into the application will be retrieved from the National Institute of Justice’s National Missing and Unidentified Persons System (​NamUs​). The application consists of an HTML, CSS, and Javascript website, and the data will be represented through Tableau, a data visualization software tool. The purpose of this report is to show the specific steps that were taken in order to complete the project. There are a number of costs that comes with the features of the project. One of the main costs is the performance of the website. Due to the size of the data, it is required by the user to have higher quality hardware that handle the project software. It should be also mentioned that this website is not intended to show where the missing people currently are but moreover what and who. This tool was designed with goal in mind that the user will use it to draw conclusions and explore more information about the missing individuals.  
For more info please check the PDF(Severino_AlSwyan_Capstone_Project_Report.PDF) attach under Deliverables. 

